Updated the introductory material to use POI-CM or (#79)
opengeospatial/poi: 22-053/sections/03-scope.adoc

[[ug_scope_section]]
== Scope

This document provides Engineering Guidance on the use of the POI Conceptual Model Standard. 

> The OGC Conceptual Model Standard specifies the representation of points of interest (POI) models. The POI Conceptual Model is expected to be the basis for a number of future Encoding Standards in which subsets of the Conceptual Model can be implemented. These Encoding Standards will enable both storage and exchange of data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OGC Conceptual Model Standard specifies the representation of points of interest (POI) models. The POI Conceptual Model is expected to be the basis for a number of future implementation standards in which subsets of the Conceptual Model can be implemented. These future standards will be published separately to enable consistent and efficient storage and exchange of data. 
```
